So in the video I show you how you can remove these stop non-OS like everything.
And then when I come in these lines are when I get everything I read and the comments next.
And then I show you how you can change these.
For example the description to know that name got a fun show on midsouth something here.
Change the title for the description that we're going to function in what we're going to call this one
Corineus by underscore Dayrell that description and what are you getting what are going to run these
in the same field.
That is what I call these Beys right here and what are going to change these function.
We need buzz right here the saying When the buzzer taps and again what do I use a Capri.
And they call Bre and what are going about of dump these steps.
So know these and you can see for example if I went to change the title descript the title IX from description
to another one you can see that we have description and the title.
So with these we can DAPs in we have a description and then we have Dayrell.
This is a way that you access an array in BHB the contents of an array and then I'm going at new title
new ones that are here and then what do an article and apps.
So we override that and then with it on the ballot you know these and then you can see if we have not
died or here we're missing this description.
This one is you see now de-friend hook.
So when I continue we're going out another field or formation gathering in a spa underscore Dayrell
that Gunton description really not long name.
In this case I need to pass the title because we want to remove this title and then we're going out
of the filter the filter for these is where we will combers underscore broke underscore description
on that score heading this is they will commerce function where this is running and this is my function
you can see this is a real long hook in then for example I can have a gay Nicco free and close with
a Capri and then the value that title so save these and reload and you can see that we have this clip
from here.
So again we can use Dayrell equals to new title and then read through on that title.
So the way we can operate this value is and imprint on so many kids who have knit that are here and
yet they are here.
You can click here.
This will open up the second that you can go back.
So this is looking nice.
But the idea here is to display the name of the probe essentially.
And then we are going to show you out essentially right here and right.